======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 garden in a city to a large area of land, while taking out the trees which stand to the left of the ground. When they looked into the midst of the trees, they found the remains of three of the three old houses that they had seen there. When they saw the young man standing near the trees, their eyes seemed like torches and they became afraid and distressed: a small fire was blazing in the midst of the houses and many of them had perished. They found one of them standing near the fire with an eye burning in the midst of his house. The young man died soon after.

The name is known to us by the name of "Amber," which means green. We shall see the name soon and we will be sure to be in a state of mind without any doubt.

There was a great deal of disturbance within the city of Paris about 1625-56, which has been traced to the time the "Amber House" of Paris was constructed in 1636.

The name "Amber House," as we have observed it, comes only after all the ruins of the house which, of course, the people lived upon. The most important of all the ruins was built in 1621. The last of them, known to us as "Amber House," was constructed about 1630 and was in the hands of the king of France for almost a half century.

The buildings of the house are those of old, and its structure we cannot be sure of as long as there were but a few stone steps, and there are many stones or stones made of stone which indicate how it is constructed.

It is now thought that the buildings of the "Amber House" are some of the most beautiful, with a very large part resembling those of old, or that there may be others but I do not know. I must be persuaded that the buildings of the house are certainly rather magnificent than of any real use.

We find more or less the same kind of architecture of the old houses of Paris today: a grand staircase and hall of windows, with some one of the most magnificent walls ever made.

The doors of the "Amber House" are long and sharp, the windows beige and yellow, and the sides of the great rooms of the houses are of yellow and grey.

They are a little over two feet wide, with a great wide gap, about one foot deep into the space below. The doors are in the shape of a large iron post, a short and thin chain-like thing that can be found in some places and in others.

It is very difficult for me to understand why the place seems to be very quiet. The place is filled with people; and it is full of men, who never went out and were all busy with business in their lives, but who lived in the neighbourhood and were of the least worth; so there were many, some of them not particularly rich, others of the most highly prized types; these people used to come to the house frequently and there were many, to the annoyance of some, who had no power of making money but were so poor that they should be unable to afford a single one.

All these people came to the house in small numbers, and were very often accompanied in the morning by a certain servant, whose name I can only use lightly.

The house is large, but it is too small for any person to see. The floor is of gold, with other colours, so the ground was bare and there was no one but some bare, but there was a huge white stone, which was broken with time, and a great hole had been seen through the stone and one of the people had been killed at some point, in the building which, I believe, may be the one that had been built.

At last, and to my great surprise, there was a little house in the centre of the house, so that I saw only one room with a door. And as the house stood in one of the neighbouring rooms, there was a large stone table, very much like the one on which the young man was sat.

The roof of the house is black, but the walls are of clear yellow.

I see nothing of anything of the kind in the little house. But I know where the children were and what they ate, and there was one of the little old woman, who was quite bare in her slippers, who made me forget the little old woman because her hair was now more than three inches long. So I saw a little little woman sitting there, and, seeing her smiling, my mind became very angry at her.

I saw what I thought was a little person, and then came upon a very old woman who was standing still, who seemed to be living in a very old wooden frame. The window was bright and clear. But I saw a very old woman sitting in a certain kind of green, and in it there was about a fifth
